+++
title = "Experience with LLMs"
slug = "experience-with-llms"
date = "2026-02-19"
summary = "LLMs suck when people suck"
+++

LLMs have been the talk over the past 4 years. As a university student having gone through some
internships, I would like to talk about the effectiveness of LLMs regarding certain things.

My rant:

LLMs are actually not very good at fixing existing code, if your code was not generated by LLMs to begin with.
This is because LLMs are trained on certain codebases, which may not understand the context of your specific codebase.

An example would be my experience in Shopback. A data pipeline for some automation task kept failing, causing the future data flow to be affected. This was right after the previous intern just left and I got a week to read the 10,000++ line codebase. Obviously, I would put in the relevant files into Cursor and call it a day (Spoiler alert: It did not fix it). 

It took me days just to understand the root issue (OOP Mess) and address the problem (It was a type error somewhere in the code because error messages were not verbose enough. The fix was sadly only temporary). I swear it was because the type of a return function of an API method changed in an update (because we got the data from Sheets and someone may have changed some formatting).

This is an issue with developing with LLMs - if there is too much code, and the code is not very common (unlike front-end interfaces), the output of LLMs is not enough to fix existing code. Keep in mind, this was with ChatGPT Pro 5. Its not like a very old model or anything. Other models (Eg Claude, DeepSeek) did not help either before anyone says anything.

This also taught me an important concept - Every line of code should have 3 things:
1. Type safety
2. Error Handling
3. Comments

The previous codebase clearly did not have these 3 things.

If any of these is missing in your vibe-coded developments, prepare for some parts of your code to be unfixable and unreadable with LLM bloat.

This website was made with this in mind.

Thank you for coming to my TED Talk.